#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
amqp==5.0.2
    # via kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
billiard==3.6.3.0
    # via celery
bonobo==0.6.4
    # via terra-bonobo-nodes
bygfiles @ git+git://github.com/jrmi/pyfiles@master
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   terra-bonobo-nodes
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via django-url-filter
celery==5.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-geosource
    #   django-geostore
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   fiona
    #   requests
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   mercantile
click-didyoumean==0.0.3
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   fiona
click-repl==0.1.6
    # via celery
cligj==0.7.1
    # via fiona
colorama==0.4.4
    # via mondrian
deepmerge==0.1.1
    # via django-geostore
django==2.2.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-db-geventpool
    #   django-filter
    #   django-geosource
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-mapbox-baselayer
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-redis
    #   django-terra-accounts
    #   django-terra-settings
    #   django-token-tools
    #   django-url-filter
    #   terra-bonobo-nodes
    #   terra-layer
django-cors-headers==2.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-db-geventpool==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via django-geostore
django-geosource==0.5.0
    # via terra-layer
django-geostore==0.5.7
    # via
    #   terra-bonobo-nodes
    #   terra-layer
django-mapbox-baselayer==0.0.8
    # via
    #   django-terra-settings
    #   terra-layer
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via django-geosource
django-redis==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-terra-accounts==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   terra-layer
django-terra-settings==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-terra-accounts
    #   terra-layer
django-token-tools==0.1.2
    # via django-geostore
django-url-filter==0.3.15
    # via django-terra-accounts
djangorestframework==3.10.3
    # via
    #   django-geosource
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-terra-accounts
    #   django-terra-settings
    #   djangorestframework-gis
    #   terra-layer
djangorestframework-gis==0.16
    # via django-geostore
djangorestframework-jwt==1.11.0
    # via django-terra-accounts
dnspython==2.0.0
    # via eventlet
elasticsearch==7.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   terra-bonobo-nodes
enum-compat==0.0.3
    # via django-url-filter
eventlet==0.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fiona==1.8.18
    # via
    #   django-geosource
    #   django-geostore
fs==2.4.11
    # via bonobo
future==0.18.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==1.4.0
    # via gunicorn
gpxpy==1.4.2
    # via django-geostore
graphviz==0.8.4
    # via bonobo
greenlet==0.4.17
    # via
    #   eventlet
    #   gevent
gunicorn[gevent]==19.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via bonobo
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   django-geostore
    #   terra-layer
kombu==5.0.2
    # via celery
lml==0.1.0
    # via
    #   pyexcel
    #   pyexcel-io
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
mercantile==1.1.6
    # via django-geostore
mondrian==0.8.1
    # via bonobo
monotonic==1.5
    # via eventlet
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
packaging==19.2
    # via
    #   bonobo
    #   pytest
pbr==5.5.1
    # via stevedore
pillow==8.0.1
    # via
    #   django-geostore
    #   terra-layer
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.8
    # via click-repl
psutil==5.7.3
    # via bonobo
psycogreen==1.0.2
    # via django-db-geventpool
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via
    #   django-geosource
    #   django-geostore
    #   django-terra-accounts
    #   django-terra-settings
    #   terra-bonobo-nodes
py==1.9.0
    # via pytest
pyexcel==0.6.6
    # via django-geosource
pyexcel-io==0.6.4
    # via pyexcel
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via djangorestframework-jwt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.1.2
    # via terra-bonobo-nodes
python-magic==0.4.18
    # via django-terra-settings
python-slugify==1.2.6
    # via bonobo
pytz==2020.4
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   fs
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
redis==3.5.3
    # via django-redis
requests==2.25.0
    # via
    #   bonobo
    #   django-geostore
    #   terra-bonobo-nodes
simplekml==1.3.5
    # via django-geostore
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   django-url-filter
    #   eventlet
    #   fiona
    #   fs
    #   jsonschema
    #   munch
    #   packaging
    #   stevedore
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
stevedore==1.32.0
    # via bonobo
terra-bonobo-nodes==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
terra-layer==0.7.10
    # via -r requirements.in
texttable==1.6.3
    # via pyexcel
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
unidecode==1.1.1
    # via python-slugify
urllib3==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
whistle==1.0.1
    # via bonobo

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
